What kinda medication?
Prozac.
- What?
- Prozac.
No, I heard you
the first time.
Why the hell do you
wanna give me Prozac?
It'll stabilize your mood
and mke you feel better.
Well, how's it gonna do that?
It prevents the reuptake
of serotonin in your brain,
so serotonin levels rise, and
that tends to stabilize mood.
That's how that works.
- Oh, for Christ sakes.
Nothing can be easy with
you shrinks, can it?
- Look...
- You know what?
People come in here and
they spend, what, $200
thinking that
you're gonna unlock
some superpower in their soul
so they can go home and
fuck their wives better
or discover some new courage
to finally admit to
themselves that they're gay.
Or maybe, how about this one,
stop draining their husband's
bank account based on the fact
that they think
that he's fucking
probably one of your other
clients, and what do you do?
You prescribe them some pills?
Ha!
You know what that's called?
That's called a racket.
I beg your pardon.
No, I should be begging
you for 200 bucks back!
Christ on a cross.
Thank god there's no
problems with my,
you know.
Lord knows what kinda pills
you'd wanna give me for that.
- Mr. Rome.
- Mickey.
Mickey.
I have asked you numerous times
what it is you do for a living
that's causing so
much of this anxiety.
I already told you.
You told me that you
occasionally transport things.
Yeah, yeah,
something like that.
Something like what?
You know, I take things
from one place to the next.
I protect stuff.
- You protect stuff.
- Sure.
Uh-huh.
Give me an example.
- I can't do that.
- Why not?
Doc, you can't
ask me questions.
That is my job.
No, apparently your job is
prescribing people crazy pills!
Not crazy pills.
They are crazy pills, okay?
And I'm not crazy!
Mr. Rome...
Mickey, answer me
this, at least this:
Do you have a stressful job?
Sure.
All right, now enlighten me.
What is it about that
job that is so stressful?
Some jobs just seem to be a
little bit harder, that's all.
Like this last
one, for instance.
Stay low.
Stay low behind me, okay?
All right.
Get down, get down!
Get down!
Listen.
Listen to me!
Hey, listen!
On the count of three,
you're gonna get
behind me, all right?
Okay, on three.
Ready?
Here we go.
One.
Three.
Let's go!
Move, move, move,
move, move, move!
Stay low, stay low!
Down, down, down, down, down!
Shit.
Dammit, man!
Who the hell are you?!
What?!
Mitch, shut the fuck up!
Why are you getting
involved with this?!
Just give me the girl!
It's my job, asshole!
Dammit!
Yeah, I shoulda
never took this job.
I didn't wanna take this job.
Shit.
Calm down, all right?
Breathe, just breathe.
Breathe, breathe, breathe.
We're gonna be fine.
Everything's gonna be fine.
Hey, asshole!
I didn't wanna take this
fucking job to begin with
and I don't even like
these goddamn people!
I got a deal for ya!
I keep the girl,
you go home alive.
How about that?
Sounds like a good
deal, doesn't it?
Fuck your deal!
Look, man, just give me the girl
and you can go on
your merry way!
No!
You motherfucker!
Don't move, okay?
Do you understand
what I'm telling you?
Stay there.
Asshole!
Drop the gun.
Come here.
Go ahead, do it.
You stupid bastard.
Mickey.
What?
You were gonna tell me
about that last job you did
and how hard it was for you.
Oh.
Sorry, doc.
Job ain't what it used to be.
Well, age has an
effect on all of us.
Who said anything about age?
I was just trying
to make light.
You know, a guy
like me comes in here,
you just reiterate the same
shit that comes outta my mouth.
Some profession you got.
- Excuse me.
Oh look, here, a master's
degree in bullshit!
- Excuse me!
- More bullshit.
Pfft, that's horseshit.
- Feel better?
You're lucky I'm not a
depressed son of a bitch.
I just might've thought
of taking a header
off a goddamn skyscraper
or played leapfrog
into oncoming traffic.
I hope you're not telling me
you have a plan
to hurt yourself.
But I will tell you this:
At very least, you
have an anger problem.
Why would you say that?
You have a very,
very short fuse.
Short fuse, what is
that, some type of analogy?
You know what, Doc,
this psychotherapy shit,
it ain't working.
Psychiatry.
Whatever.
Do you want the
medication or not?
Screw the pills!
I don't know what your job is,
but it's having a terrible
effect on your psyche
and your body, and it
could just kill ya.
Thank you, Dr. Obvous!
Mr. Rome, how good
it is to see you again.
No need for the
meet-and-greet, Chloe.
Mr. Reiser will
be with you shortly.
Deacon's in the other room.
I do believe you know him.
I do know who he is
and I don't need an introduction,
thank you very much.
Deacon, how the hell
are you doin', buddy?
Hey!
Still tracking the numbers
and still getting
interrupted by you, Rome.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Any idea why Carl wants me here?
Hey, before you answer
that, how those hands doing?
You beat new information
outta anybody lately?
I'm sure it's something
very important to the agency.
Oh, I'm sure.
We do give you the tough jobs.
Yeah.
Never seen you with
your head so low, Mick.
Had a rough week, pal.
Yeah, well, nobody
said this job was easy.
Hell, nobody in this
business wants to work,
but somebody's gotta do it.
Yeah, I guess you're right.
Speaking of which, where
is that little shit Paulie?
You got him working
around here somewhere
sweeping up trash?
Because I haven't seen that
asshole in a hot minute.
Wait.
Please tell me that
you finally fired him.
Nah, Carl's got him
working on a different gig.
Guy's built like
a brick house,
but he's got brains
like an outhouse.
Plus, every time I think of him,
the word prick
comes up in my mind.
Yeah, you never
did like him much.
You don't like him either.
Reiser will have you
both on a job real soon,
I'm sure of it.
You're both really good
at your individual assets.
Don't put your money on me
working with that creeper.
How's he looking these days?
He's wearing his
mustache just like Reiser.
- Get the hell outta here!
- Yup.
Son of a bitch.
Mr. Rome, Mr. Reiser
will see you now.
One more thing, Deacon.
This business front
you got going on,
these secretaries are strippers.
They're referred to
as dancers, Mickey.
Whatever makes you sleep
better at night, pal.
And I have never shaken
my ass for dollar bills.
And I shave my head
because it's aerodynamic.
See ya, Deac!
How ya doin', Paulie?
Oh my goodness, Mickey,
I'm doing amazing.
Oh yeah; doesn't look like it.
- Doesn't?
- No, you look like shit.
Oh.
That's so crazy,
because I am so crisp
and you look like
you're a hundred.
Don't touch,
don't touch, okay?
Yeah, you got it.
How's work?
Work is fine.
- It is?
- Yeah.
Seems like you're
having a tough time.
I hate your guts.
- Okay, good.
You're like herpes.
You go away, but
then you come back.
Goddamn.
God, you look old
as fuck.
Hey.
How are ya?
Sorry I'm not shaking
hands, still a little wet.
Look at this.
See that?
Chloe!
I appreciate your authenticity,
but can you get me a real
fucking chair, please?
We clear $100,000 a month.
My office is a porno
set, basically.
Price of running a front.
Glamorous.
So, what's going on?
Last one was a tough one?
Aren't they all?
I mean, you saved
her, didn't you?
Saved her life; she's got
you to thank for that.
Well, it's my job, right?
You tell me what to do
and then I go and try
and make that happen?
No, you don't
try, you succeed.
You're the best
specialist I have.
I mean, you got a
perfect track record.
You run protection
like nobody else.
Yeah, well, it wasn't easy.
But this last one...
Got to your head?
No, she coulda died.
They all coulda died.
That's the name of the game.
- No, look,
this one was different, okay?
She's young, she ha her
whole life ahead of her,
and for what?
Because her daddy saw something
that he wasn't supposed to,
now she becomes a target?
This fucking
world that we live in, man.
Look, Carl, that's it.
It's over, I'm done.
No, I know.
I heard you put
in for retirement.
I can't live with myself
if someone dies on my watch.
It's not in me.
Well, you got a
lot to retire on.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
You got bonds, CDs,
you got Treasuries,
not to mention the cash.
Whatchu gonna do?
I don't know.
Move somewhere with palm
trees, white sand beaches.
Drink one of them fruity
drinks outta those coconuts
with the umbrella
sticking out of it.
I don't know, maybe
I can do that.
Yeah, that sounds
like paradise.
I got one more for ya.
- No, Carl, come on, no.
- Please, just one.
Just one...
- Carl, come on, no.
Listen, hey, I can't.
I can't.
- You can drink
all the fruity drinks
you want after.
Please.
What is it?
Husband and wife.
Husband was an accountant
for the Fratelli family...
Oh god, I know
where this is going.
Stole $8 million and
he bailed with the wife.
Where's the agency on this?
They wanna turn
state's evidence.
They came to me for protection
while the FBI
sorts out its shit.
Well, where'd you put him?
Safe house, Central America.
- Central America?
- Yeah.
Where they behead you
with chainsaws and shit?
Don't they send your
head back to your mother
and then put your body
up in telephone wires?
I'm not going there!
- You're thinking Mexico.
No, it's not Mexico.
They got cockaroaches the
size of squirrels down there!
What the fuck
are you talking about?
And snakes.
Goddamn snakes.
You ever watch that
National Geographic channel?
They got those poisonous
arrow frog things.
Send Paulie Walnuts down there!
He likes crocodiles,
gloom, and death!
They got palm trees.
Get out of my
office, all right?
Your flight leaves
in the morning.
How easy you say
this job is gonna be?
Easy, easy-peasy.
No one knows where they're at
and the safe house is equipped
with all the necessities
you're gonna need for
propery protection.
Big house?
Big enough.
Pool?
Yeah, they got a pool.
They got a pool with
a view of the sea.
You got a pool and the sea!
You can see the sea!
I got boots on
the ground over there?
You got an assistant who'll
take care of everything.
Clean water?
Jesus Christ, you
got ADD, you know that?
You got ADD and you're neurotic.
What are these two cats like?
Who, the husband and wife?
No, Laurel and Hardy.
The husband is scared and
the wife is a pain in the ass.
She's a wife, what?
Look, all you gotta do,
sit on 'em, have a whiskey,
put a fuckin' umbrella
in your whiskey
and wait 'til we come down
after everything blows over.
It's the last job, Carl.
Adios amigo.
Gracias.
Thank you for flying!
Buenos dias.
Chloe!
Rome?
People don't really
pay attention
to the lines in the
street, do they?
Nobody gives a crap about
anything in this town.
Look at this.
There's a lotta trees.
You have snakes though,
they hide in these trees.
Look at this guy!
Look at that, look at you.
No helmet.
Safety first.
You got poisonous snakes
or just regular snakes?
Nothing, all right.
I hate snakes.
Listen, I got two
words for you, okay?
Air freshener.
Use it.
Smells like a
goddamn zoo in here.
Welcome, Mr. Rome.
My name is Laurie Williams.
I'm the liaison in
charge of this location
and whatever else
you might need.
Yeah, yeah, yeah,
great, wonderful.
It is a real pleasure
to have you here, sir.
I've heard quite
a bit about you.
Listen, lady, cut
the horseshit, okay?
Just show me where the goods are
and introduce me to
Tweedledee and Tweedledum
so I can get this last
nightmare over with.
Oh, last?
Did I stutter?
All right then,
right this way.
Yeah.
I get greeted by a
goddamn waitress.
Spare no expense, huh?
What's the layout like?
The house has 10 bedrooms,
a game room, a sauna,
pool, hot tub, and is
four stories in height.
That's not the best place
for one man to hold down
the fort, now is it?
About that...
Glock here with three clips.
Smooth action.
Well oiled.
Well, one gun ain't
gonna make a difference.
There's a 12-gauge sawed-off
shotgun in the closet
for when matters need to be
dealt with at close range.
Anything within 10 feet
you'll be washing red
out of your clothes
for weeks to come.
Got rounds in there too?
Plenty.
There's a bat in the
closet near the front door
as well as some golf clubs.
There's also a toolbox
out by the pool shed
with plenty of
screwdrivers and a hammer,
but that's rather medieval,
if I do say so myself.
Oh!
So, I guess, when we're
talking about killing people,
there are different levels
of how brutal one can be
while trying to
stay alive, right?
Is that sarcasm, Mr. Rome?
Never.
Okay then!
You got a lotta
stairs in this house.
Oh, you'll get used to them.
Yeah, I doubt it.
This is the kitchen.
Blade here, titanium,
will pierce most Kevlar.
very fast and light weapon.
Burner phone here in
case you need to contact
anyone within the agency.
Car in the garage
for transportation.
You'll need that
for emergencies.
You don't say.
Now, let's go back.
I swear, I'm not
gonna miss this job.
Holy...
Do you like it?
Mr. Reiser thought this
place would suit you well.
Well, whatever
Mr. Reiser wants...
Hey, it's pretty
open, don't you think?
What was that, Mr. Rome?
Open, land, lotsa space!
Lotsa different ways that
people could get in here.
I mean, look, for all we know,
there could be snipers
out in these damn trees.
No, we assure you we've
taken all precautions.
Nobody knows that
the Bauers are here.
Yeah, well, let's hope not.
Wait, the Bauers?
That's their name?
Indeed it is.
Would you like to meet them?
- Yeah, that would be nice.
- Okay.
Come on.
Actually, where
are you hiding 'em?
You got 'em under lock and key
in one of these
overlook tower rows?
Because, you know, that's
where I would be hiding 'em.
No.
No, nothing so torturous.
They're out by the pool.
- Wait, what?
Yeah, come on.
No-no-no-no-no,
wait, wait, wait.
You just let them
go for a damn swim
out in the open by themselves?
Yeah.
Lady, do you know who
you're dealing with here?
I assure you, we have
taken all precautions.
Nobody knows that they are here.
These cats, the
Fratellis, right?
They find them,
they're gonna decorate
their next Christmas tree
with their heads as
cute little ornaments.
You get what I'm saying?
I do, and that is
precisely why Mr. Reiser
wanted you on this job.
Now, would you like
to meet Mr. Ray Bauer
and Mrs. Camilla Bauer?
Come on.
Sure!
Let's meet the Bauers!
Unbelievable!
Is it gonna rain?!
It might.
Oh, this is rich.
Mickey Rome, I take it.
Thank you so much
for being here.
You're not the sharpest
tool in the shed, are ya?
I beg your pardon?
Whose idea was it
to steal $8 million
from one of the most ruthless
families in the world, huh?
Tell me, whose
brilliant idea was that?
Well...
It was mine.
There you go, go figure.
Should we be talking
about this right now?
Oh, I'm not the one hiding
from contract killers,
having a nice leisurely swim,
giving the monkeys
a goddamn view!
Yeah, I told my
husband to take the money
because it was being
used for horrible things.
Newsflash, all money is, lady.
So, why let men
like that keep it
when we could take it
and better our own lives?
Because you'd be dead
before you could
spend a penny of it.
And besides, you're
turning state's evidence.
You gotta give all
that money back anyway.
I don't think so.
Oh yeah, how's that?
Well, we've cut a deal.
I turn over their book
of accounts and contacts
and we get to keep the money.
Did God just
deal me a shit hand
in the poker game of life?!
Is that what's
happening right now?!
Unbelievable!
Rock!
You said he was the best?
He has the best
protection rate
and our agency has
the best intel.
Don't worry about Mr. Rome
and his abrasive personality.
He will make sure you two
live for the next few days
until we can get you
transported back to stateside.
And what if we
change our minds?
You have a retainer
with us, Mr. Bauer.
You have our protection
until that retainer runs out
or until you refill it.
I understand.
Bullshit!
Goddamn bullshit.
Are you sure that
this place is secure?
In your entire tenure for
working for us, Mr. Rome,
it is the most secure
we have ever had,
for it is off the grid.
Otherwise, we would not call
it a safe house, would we?
Shall we go inside?
Show me
where the beer is.
Fuck!
It's bullshit!
I shall next be in contact
when we're ready to transfer
you over to the FBI.
Thank you.
Yes, we're very grateful.
No need for thanks.
You paid us well.
This is what our agency does.
Bye for now.
Fuck this fucking fuck!
What?!
What do you want?!
What the fuck are you look...
What does the dynamic duo want?
Well, I'd say a
conversation, Mr. Rome.
Look, the next time
someone calls me Mr. Rome,
I'm gonna go into that closet,
I'm gonna grab a baseball bat,
come back, smash somebody
across the face with it.
Just do me a favor.
Call me Mickey.
All right, all right.
So, where do we go
from here, Mickey?
All right, look,
nobody leaves this house,
nobody leaves my sight.
If you see something
suspicious, you tell me.
If the neighbor's
dog takes a shit
and it doesn't look right,
I wanna know about it.
You have a real way with
talking to people, don't you?
Is she always like this?
You know what,
you got a real way
of getting yourself
into trouble!
Is this what we should expect
for the next few days?
- What?
That you're gonna
make us feel like
we constantly have to
apologize for taking the money?
Stealing!
Lady, you stole the money!
Well, well, quite frankly,
they stole it before we did.
How do you know that?
I saw all the deals
that were accounted for.
Heroin shipments,
cocaine pickups;
anything that had a dollar
value, I had to account for it.
Yeah, we need to get
something straight, Mickey.
We paid a huge chunk of
cash to have you here,
and I'm a bit shocked
they didn't send more.
What is that supposed to mean?
I think we thought
that they'd send
somebody a bit
younger is all, right?
Yup.
Bottom line is
you're our employee.
So, if we wanna go on a
walk on the beach, we will.
If we wanna go lounge
in the sun, we will.
If we wanna go into town,
you are gonna be by our
side with your eyes open
and your ears
constantly listening.
Do we understand each other?
I understand that
I need to make a phone call.
It's, it's okay.
He's been drinking.
He's a little angry.
Reiser speaking.
Get me outta here, Carl.
This is bullshit!
Mickey, calm down.
No, no, no.
You got me protecting
two entitled kids
who have no idea the trouble
they got themselves into.
Just sit on 'em.
Just relax, sit on
'em for 72 hours.
I know you at least can do that.
You got me trying
to protect Fort Knox,
for Christ sakes.
This place is bigger than
the Bermuda Triangle!
You're mixing your
metaphors again.
Mickey, is it Fort Knox or
is it the Bermuda Triangle?
Regardless...
I'm a little hurt
'cause honestly I thought
you would like that.
Oh, it's nice, sure.
But I have a hard
time doing my job
knowing that the goddamn
toucans can get in this place.
I'd completely side with
you if it were a problem,
but it's not a problem, you see?
There is nothing to worry about.
I hear you.
If there were something
to worry about,
I would completely
understand, but there's not.
There's nothing to worry about.
Everybody
keeps saying that.
Do you know something
that I don't?
The feds are occupying
the Fratellis, okay?
There's taps on all of
their colleagues' phones.
If the wind so much as
blows in this direction,
we'll know it, if
you catch my drift.
Yeah.
Just kick back, would ya?
Let the married
couple do their thing.
You go through the paces
and try to relax and
enjoy the sunshine.
Fuck the sunshine.
I'll call you
tomorrow to check in.
"Fuck the sunshine."
Do you mind some company?
Look, I don't have anything
left in the tank, okay?
So just be easy on me.
Is that such a good idea?
I'll have you
know I aim better
when I'm under the influence.
I'm sorry.
For what?
I was rude earlier.
I do understand we're
in a bad situation.
My mother was in
really bad shape.
She needed a heart transplant.
They'd only given her
a few months to live.
We'd asked the doctors how we
could get her name moved up.
A few of them knew that my
husband worked for the Fratellis,
so they said that if we came
back with a high enough number,
they'd bump her to
the top of the list.
So, he started embezzling funds,
just a few dollars
here and there,
from hundreds of accounts.
And he would cook the books
so they'd never find out.
There were millions coming in.
For three months we did this
and I would just try to figure
out where to hide the cash.
The flowerbed.
My locker at the gym.
Eventually, we knew that they'd
find out, so we prepared.
And now, here we are.
And my mother...
She lived.
So, it was worth it, Mickey.
You may only have postponed
your mother's death.
No, she's safe.
Safer than us.
Agency protecting her too?
No.
Hospital really
stuck it to ya, huh?
No, everyone just looks out
for themselves in this world.
They find something to leverage
and they play their cards.
Some win.
Some lose.
Yeah.
I've always hated hospitals.
Mr. Rome?
Do you have many friends?
I don't mean the
question in a mean way.
I mean to ask because
your job must make you lonely.
You know, protecting other
people for hours, days, nights;
like tonight must take you
away from people you love.
So...
I was thinking
maybe you weren't close
to too many people.
I understand someone like
me might just be a job
and that you probably
have had to protect
a lot of defenseless people
with rich parents or
husbands or whatever.
But...
I just wanna say thank
you for being here.
Hey, boss, ain't
it a bit late?
Oh!
People are trying to sleep here!
Mickey!
You still using that
pussy.38 Special?
When you gonna get
a big boy's gun?
Francisco, you asshole!
Yeah.
Get your ass up.
Come on.
Come on, get up!
Girl's gotta go.
Who was she?
She was a client,
just like you.
Did she live?
Yeah, she did.
Hey.
What'd I miss?
Your wife was explaining to
me why y'all stole the money.
Oh.
Look, I'll try not
to be an asshole, okay?
But I make no promises.
How did you become
their accountant anyway?
My father.
He, he worked for them.
In what capacity?
Same thing.
I was raised being told this
was the family business.
Some Sopranos-type bullshit.
$8 million.
What?
It wasn't actually $8 million.
It was $23 million.
What?
Do the feds know this?
No.
The only actual traceable
money is the $8 million.
Traceable?
As in, what the
Fratellis might notice.
How does $15
million go unnoticed?
I found an account.
It wasn't listed on
any of the ledgers,
it was just there.
So, I took a look at
deposit schedules,
past withdrawals, everything.
No one associated
with the family
had anything to do
with that account.
So, at first, I siphoned
off a few hundred thousand,
just to see if there
were any red flags.
Nothing.
Then a million.
Not a peep.
So, one day I just brought it up
in water cooler
talk-type fashion.
No one knew anything
about that account.
So, when Camilla and
I set up our plan,
it was the motherlode.
That was our nest egg.
If they weren't gonna let
us keep our $8 million,
at least we had the
rest to fall back on.
Well, I guess,
like someone said,
when you have leverage,
you play those cards.
You two should go to bed.
I gotta spend the
rest of the night
watching toucans and
monkeys fuck in the trees.
- Come on.
- Good night, Mickey.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Yeah, don't mention it.
Do you have many friends?
I don't mean the
question in a mean way.
I mean to ask because
your work must be lonely.
You aren't close to many people.
Morning.
What time is it?
It's 8:00.
Ray and I wanna go
to the beach today.
Wonderful.
That's a safe place to go.
Are you coming?
Fine.
Thank you.
Let's go to the beach.
Hot, hot, hot.
I'm up.
That's hot.
It's like you two are on
vacation, it's insane.
Yeah, not quite.
I heard you were
the scared one.
Scared?
Yeah.
But not for me.
For Camilla.
See, I don't care
what happens to me.
But I couldn't live with myself
if anything happened to her.
Well, to love.
It can be a bitch.
So, were you ever
married, Mickey?
Once.
What?
Do you want me to
elaborate on that?
Yeah, why not?
We're not friends, okay?
This is a job.
Why don't you people
understand that?
Look, women want
one thing one day,
and then another day
they want something else.
And?
And I had a wife, okay?
And she wanted to have
kids, so we had one.
Wasn't in this profession
then, I was a cop.
I was working all
sorts of crazy hours,
was never really home much.
I'm sure that had to be tough.
That was hard enough.
So, I take it you two
aren't still together.
So, then what happened?
You're a persistent
little prick, aren't you?
Yeah, my wife's been
known to say the same thing.
Yeah.
Well, like I said,
long hours.
You know, for five years
all she had was that kid.
She had to take care
of it all by herself.
I'd come home late
in the mornings
and I would stare
at her in her crib.
In a blink of an eye, she's
sleeping in a little bed.
I'd try to get home
early from work
just to rock her to sleep,
but being a cop, it's rare.
But my wife...
She couldn't handle it, so
she took to the pills first,
then the booze.
I came home one night after
busting this big case.
Wine, flowers, the
whole nine yards, right?
Found her dead on
the floor, overdose.
I go to look for my kid.
She's dead in the tub.
Wife drowned her
during bath time.
She used to have
this yellow ducky
that she fuckin' loved so much
and it was just floating there
with a goddamn smile
stretched across its face.
Mickey...
I'm so sorry, man.
Don't be.
Life throws you curveballs
and can be a son of a bitch.
All you can do is
try and hit 'em.
That's it for story time.
Are we safe, Ray?
Yeah, I think so.
Do you trust him?
Who, Mickey?
Yeah.
I think I do.
I don't know who
to trust anymore.
Hey.
Why are you feeling this way?
Just, the more that
Mickey keeps going on
about these people,
the more I feel like maybe
this is just too easy.
And that's why we paid what
we did, for this protection.
For his protection.
I don't have a good
feeling about any of this.
Listen to me.
Everything is gonna
be okay, I promise.
We will turn in state's evidence
and we will make sure that
the Fratellis are put away.
And then, we will disappear.
You make it sound so simple.
I actually think it's gonna be
a lot harder than we thought.
Then we will face it.
Together.
Get a room!
Jesus!
Is it so wrong
to hate the fact
that he's starting
to grow on me?
Me too.
He's got a lotta baggage, Cam.
Yeah, what gave it away?
No, I'm serious.
I spent a little time with him.
You know, he comes
off as incapable,
but I think he's way more
capable than we know.
I won't doubt that then.
Hey!
Stay here, don't move.
What are you doing here, Paulie?
'Cause any other
reason than the best
is gonna make me
pretty fucking uneasy.
Yeah, well, the call
you made to Reiser
made him a little bithesitant
that you can handle this thing.
Hesitant?
I never quit a job in my
life, even you know that.
Ah, yeah, well...
We all slip up
sometimes, don't we?
Nah.
You see, Mickey Rome,
he doesn't slip up.
How the lovebirds doing?
Fine.
And what about you, you okay?
What's with the small talk?
Just trying to
be friendly, Mick.
You ain't got a friendly
bone in your body.
Well, since we're gonna
be working together now,
I figured I'd try
to keep it cordial.
Working together?
Nobody told me
anything about that.
No?
Well, maybe you should
call Deacon and Reiser.
I'll tell ya what, let
me call 'em for ya.
Yeah, it's me.
Uh-huh.
Yeah, he's right in front of me.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
Mickey, I see Paulie found ya.
Yeah, he's staring at me
like a hawk stares at a rabbit.
Cute.
Is there anything
I should know about?
Nothing to worry about.
Carl just thought you might need
a little extra set of
hands just in case.
Paulie's gonna be around
just if it gets to that point
where you can't
take it, that's all.
Well, if it's okay with you,
I'd like him not to
stay at the McMansion.
He gives me the heebie-jeebies.
You got anything
worthwhile to contribute yet?
Fuck you.
Paulie's gonna be around.
Listen, Mickey, I know
you don't like him,
but he's effective
and he's efficient.
You used to say that
about me a time or two ago.
Just play nice, Mickey.
I'll see you when you get back.
Yeah.
Everything go good?
Peachy.
Fantastic.
Now, if anything should
happen, call me right away.
I know Laurie programmed
my number into your phone.
Hey, Mick.
Careful out there.
You never know who
you're gonna run into.
Hey.
Who was that, Mickey?
They sent another one.
- Another...
- Specialist, like me.
Why would they do that?
Because they don't think
I got it in me no more,
all right?
Grab your shit, let's go.
Let's go!
- Let's go, come on, come on.
- Okay.
Let's go.
Let's go, come on.
Good afternoon, Mickey.
What's so good about it?
Well, we're still
alive, right?
For now.
I'm sorry.
Bad joke, I guess.
Yeah, what do you want?
Can you take a walk?
Yeah, sure.
I gotta do my rounds anyway.
So, I have a question.
You have a million.
Did you always
run protection gigs?
No.
Why?
I know your company
does other things as well.
Yeah, it's a
business, all of it.
So...
Did you do...
Did you do other
things with them
or other things
entirely different?
Where are you going with this?
I just wanna know how
your business works.
Why?
Why do you even care?
Why did they send
another protection agent?
Because I'm getting
fuckin' old, okay?
That's why.
Is that what you wanna hear.
Old for this
type of occupation?
Yeah.
I mean, most guys,
they retire around 40.
Just...
Too many blows to the
head, too many scars.
We're just, we're
human, all right?
That's why they sent the
asshole as an insurance policy.
- Insurance policy.
- Yeah.
Something goes wrong, they
got somebody close by.
Well, that doesn't make sense.
One minute it does, the
next minute it doesn't.
Yeah, but...
Why Paulie, you know?
That's what I don't understand.
Yeah, about that guy,
you know, the one we
saw at the beach today?
What's wrong with him?
He doesn't work in protection.
Well then, what's he do?
He works in collections.
Remember I told you
that I did something
before I worked in the
protection department?
Yeah.
I worked in collections.
Are you calling
'cause you miss me
or are you giving
me the thumbs-up?
Yes to which part?
What if he doesn't have it?
Look, Carl, I'm not in the
business of killing people.
Yeah.
Got it.
Excuse me, miss.
Can I get a bottle of your
best champagne, please?
Best champagne?
You having a spendy
afternoon, are you?
Which one of the girls you
showing a good time to?
Oh, it's not for
any of the girls.
It's my friend over there.
Oh, you're friends with Matty?
Best friends.
Bottle of Dom
coming right up then.
There you go.
Ah, thank you.
No need for glasses.
Not gonna need it.
Oh, and do me a favor.
Put it on Matty's tab.
Matty!
My man!
How ya doin'?
Do I know you, man?
Nope, you actually do not.
Okay, well, then why the
fuck are you interrupting
a conversation between
me and my man here?
Bruiser.
Long time no see.
Mickey Rome.
Thought I smelled shit when
I walked in here today.
That's because you're the
one who usually steps in it.
How's unemployment
treating you these days?
Do I look unemployed to you?
Hmm, let's take a look atcha.
Eh, maybe not,
but this guy looks like he
shops at the bargain bin, huh?
What were the deals last
week, three suits for $99.99?
Always with the
comedy, huh, Mickey?
Get the fuck outta here.
I'm afraid I can't do that.
You see, I'm here for a reason,
and that reason you're
really not gonna like
and that Bruiser here
can probably guess.
Mickey, I ain't
gonna ask you twice.
You think I give a
fuck about that reason?
I feel like you should.
My name is Mickey.
I'm here on behalf
of Carl Reiser.
You know who I'm talking about?
Take a hike, Mickey.
Yeah, I know who he is.
So, what's this about?
All right, good.
See, progress.
You borrowed money a while ago
to open up this
miraculous establishment.
It's seedy as fuck!
Anyway, you never paid it back.
So, today, I'm here to
collect the bill in full.
In full?
I knew I recognized this
guy, he's a fucking comedian!
I'm gonna get that
money.
You're sure gonna get it.
Bruiser, will you do me a favor?
Yes sir.
Would you make
it so princess here
sips out of a straw for the
rest of his fucking life?
- It'd be my pleasure.
- That's a bad idea.
I fucking hate my job!
Wanna switch?
I hate that suit!
So, I went from being a cop
to collecting money to
beating the shit outta people
to protecting people who
couldn't protect themselves.
Weird world we live in, man.
Like I said, curveballs.
"Most secure place
we ever had," my ass.
Shit!
Hello, Mr. Rome, I just
wanted to see how things are
and if everything's okay.
No, Laurie,
things are not okay!
We need to leave right now!
Where are the Bauers?
I have 'em upstairs
under lock and key.
Fantastic.
Oh my god.
Oh shit.
What we do, Mickey?
Tell us what we need to do!
Paulie.
Paulie; call Paulie.
Okay, stay with him.
Stay right there.
I'll be right back, okay?
I'll be right back.
I'm sorry, Mickey.
I'm so sorry.
Jesus Christ.
Paulie, Paulie, Paulie.
Okay.
Mickey.
No, this isn't
Mickey, it's Ray Bauer.
Oh, hello, Mr. Bauer,
how can I help you today?
A woman, she came to kill us.
We've met her before.
Mickey, he's hurt real bad!
How bad?
Very.
All right, just lock
all the doors and stay put.
I'll be there shortly.
In the meantime, try to
get Mickey comfortable.
All right.
What happened
to the liaison?
Liaison?
Mickey, he killed her.
She's, she's dead.
All right,
I'll be right there.
Okay.
Fuck.
Ray.
Shit.
Oh, Jesus Christ.
It's okay.
You all right?
Where's Mickey?
Camilla has him
in the other room.
Is she hurt?
I don't think so.
Good.
Anyone else here?
No.
Good.
Where's Laurie's body?
Lower level.
Okay.
On the phone, you knew
she was our liaison.
I did.
How did you know that?
Mickey told me.
Said she'd be stopping
by today at some point.
- No.
- Yeah.
He never woulda said that.
Why's that?
He didn't know
she was coming by.
And...
He doesn't trust you.
Come on.
Mr. Bauer, why would
he tell you to call me?
Get it together,
Mr. Bauer, okay?
We have to get outta here.
Where's the other bedroom?
It's this way.
Perfect.
Mrs. Bauer, my name's Paulie.
I'm here to get you and your
husband out of here safely.
Where's my husband?
Oh, right.
He's in the other room.
Don't worry about Mickey.
Someone's gonna take
care of him, okay?
Let's go.
Ray?
Ray!
They said no guns.
No, no, no!
No, no, no, no.
Please tell me he isn't dead.
Not yet.
And you won't be
for a while either.
The Fratellis want their
money back, all of it.
Your husband was messing
around with those accounts.
I don't understand.
Yeah you do.
You were supposed to be
a part of our protection.
We paid you.
You paid me?
No.
The Fratellis are the
agency's biggest client.
We've been on it
since the beginning.
You think it was
just a coincidence
that you got sent here
with someone like Mickey?
- But he...
- He what?
That fucking guy's
one scotch away
from having a heart attack.
I know.
The fear.
It's setting in, right?
Knowing...
That your life is
almost over, huh?
I'll tell you what.
I'll give you one
more selfless act.
You tell me where the money is
and I will make sure that
I kill your husband quick.
Where is?
What do you
consider quick, huh?
You motherfucker!
You fucking stupid bitch!
I don't need both of you.
Hey, dickless.
That's what you get
for that mustache.
The Fratellis, the agency;
they used them, Mickey.
Probably sent me down
here to get me whacked too
so they don't have
to pay my pension.
So, what do we do now, Mickey?
Always with the
questions with you, huh?
I'll tell you what you do.
You have that money, right?
You take your
mother, you vanish.
New names, you get off the grid.
It's gonna be your only shot.
I know a guy, pay him well.
He'll make you disappear.
And what about you?
Consider me retired.
Oh, and Ray.
Yeah?
I'm gonna need
something from you.
Yeah, anything.
Yeah.
Yeah, what?
It's been a week.
All right, four days.
Don't get fucking cute with me!
This shit does not happen in
this business, you understand?!
It gives us a bad name!
It makes us look bad!
How the hell should I know?!
He's probably lying in a
ditch somewhere, he's drunk.
Probably doesn't even
know what's happening.
Find the, find the...
Would you just shut up for one...
Find the couple and find him!
And when you do find him,
you put a bullet in
his fucking head!
Fuck.
Fuck!
Hey, Mickey.
Here, I thought we
were friends, Carl.
Don't act fuckin' surprised.
You know it is business.
You know the kinda
people we work with.
No, I didn't.
I thought we were doing good
most of the time, you know?
Protecting people.
- Really?
I mean, I know you ran
collections every now and then,
but I never put two
and two together.
I didn't know you did
collections for the Fratellis.
I mean, I'm smart, but
that one got by me.
You know they're
gonna come after you.
You know they
won't let you live.
I don't think they're
gonna have much of a choice.
See, a friend of mine gave
me this little black book
and it has all these
names, dates, transactions,
pretty much everything.
Had he paid attention
to those names,
he would've found
yours in there,
but he didn't care
about that, did he?
All he cared about was keeping
himself and his wife alive.
Anyway, I gave that
book to the feds.
So, I'd say your
friends, the Fratellis,
I'd say they're getting
picked up right about now,
along with their associates.
Only a matter of time
before they come knocking
on your door, Carl.
So, what do we do now?
I told you.
Last job and I'm done.
It was almost paradise, Carl,
right down to the
goddamn coconut.
Hey, Mr. and Mrs. Bauer!
Do you like getting
shot in the pool?
Hello, Mr. And Mrs. Bauer!
Yeah, right in the fuckin' head!
So, I'm gonna be
like, and that's when...
Okay,
which line is this?
- Nice, buddy.
- Are you all right?
This is gonna be
the nostril shot.
I still hear
some kind of fan running
if anyone's nearby.
It's definitely a fan.
There is definitely a fan.
Is this beard new?
What the fuck?
Hey, you know what happened?
I got a proctology exam.
It's the third time that
I'm having it right now.
- Is it?
- Absolutely.
I'd rather have my ass
checked out every day
than to walk into...
Holding onto me, still.
You'd rather have your
ass checked every day?
Every day, with a cattle prod.
By?
Everyone.
Everyone?
The world.
All day long?
Every day.
I love you.
Oh, it's so good
to see you, Mick.
Get off of me.
- Yeah.
- Okay.
Yeah.
Well, at least it won't smell.
These fuckin' vines.
Lots of vines.
How many motorcycle
accidents are there a year?
A day?
How many motorcycle
accidents are there in a day?
A lot; I betcha a lot.
Why is everybody on
their cell phones?
They should be working.
Making some money.
What the fuck?
Jesus Christ!
Is there clean water here?
You got clean water, right?
This isn't a smooth ride.
Jesus Christ.
I have a neck, you know.
Hopefully, whoever you have
in the back isn't breakable
because something broke.
It's not my fault.
My hemorrhoids just popped out.
How much further do we got?
Why do I feel like
I'm talking to myself?
'Cause I am talking to myself.
Take one, mark.
Where'd that wind come from?
Action!
Look what happened.
Sorry, no, I forgot...
They're gonna decorate
their next Christmas tree...
What?
Is that gunshots?
What is that, did you hear that?
Hello, Mr. and Mrs. Bauer.
Do you like getting
shot in the pool?
Yes.
Action.
Let's go back.
I think you should
take the medication.
Just give me
the goddamn pills.
Don't touch me.
I hate you.